Kyoya was sad because he was beaten by Gingka.
Doji said that he can help him.
To defeat Gingka
he had to pass through a hard training.
When he was at the last stage of his training.
He had discovered his new special move.
He and Gingka battled once again.
Kyoya’s special move left Gingka in a difficult  situation.
But Gingka didn’t give up and managed to beat Kyoya with his own special move.
After the march,  they were friends now.
It’s time to wake up Ryuga from his deep sleep.
Hey!
Hey you, wake up.
Five minutes.
What five minutes? Get up now. Get up!
Get up.
Okay.
What happened?
You must get up. Come with me, quick.
Okay I am.
You can use L-Drago from now on.
I can reach my goals thanks to Ryuga.
Sir, how long are you planing to show orange juice like drink?
Shut up, don’t compermize me.
Don’t compermize me.
Now f*ck off.
Yes, sir.
Come out, Doji!
I’m here.
What, did you bring Ryuga too?
You’ll pay for what you’ve done Ryuga.
Let’s start then.
3,2,1 Let It Rip!
Attack Pegasus. I’ll destroy you. Do you hear me? Attack!
There’s something wrong with this Beyblade.
It’s coming from the wrong way.
Yes, correct!
L-Drago is the only Beyblade that turns left side.
and that’s because it’s known as the forbidden Beyblade.
But when it comes to attack, Pegasus shouldn’t be defeated.
Don’t you get it?
What happens when L-Drago turns left while Pegasus turn right?
It steals Pegasus speed.
You’re useless like your father.
What did you say?
I’ll tell this a thousand times.
Your father was useless.
What are you doing we’re battling here.
Okay go on, go on.
Ryuga transferred his power when he first used it
and he had to sleep for some time.
Gingka’s anger gives him power to get well.
Pull yourself together Gingka!
Come on Pegasus Starblast Attack!
Finish him!
It’s my turn.
L-Drago gained enough power.
Hang on Pegasus, hang on, come on!
You’re done for. Dark Move, Dragon Emperor Soaring Destruction!
Hang on Pegasus, hang on!
No, I have lost.
Gingka’s anger provided Ryuga’s recovery.
No, I helped Ryuga’s recovery.
Let’s go Ryuga.
Written and Directed by
Valet
Cameraman
Translated by Can Yavruoğlu
Edited by Barbaros Sargın